- Are you going somewhere?
- I'm leaving.
When did you tell her?
This morning.
It had to happen. I guess.
She never wants
to see my face again.
Who pulled me out of Addis
in such a hurry?
I mean. who do I have to thank
after six years
for the 48-hour notice?
Coyote was arrested.
Shit.
Coyote knows of operations
currently ongoing in Ukraine.
Felix. Rattlebox in L'viv.
Suspend upcoming operations.
All covert activities
in Russia and Ukraine
may be compromised.
That why I'm back?
I want you to train
a new agent before we ship.
- Where to?
- Iran.
In at the deep end.
There's a shallow end?
- How are you settling in?
- Good.
Saw my daughter.
followed everywhere I go.
Phone's probably tapped.
You calling because of
the attack at the university?
- Yes.
-  I'm alive.
- I'm in London.
- Me too.
We should have told him about
the backup tracker.
♪ "Love is Blindness"
by Jack White ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me ♪
♪ Oh. my heart ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
♪ I don't want to see ♪
♪ Won't you wrap the night ♪
♪ Around me. yeah ♪
♪ My love ♪
♪ Love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. love is blindness ♪
♪ Oh. blow out the candle ♪
♪ Blindness ♪
When you live undercover.
there's all these voices.
Loud voices. quiet voices.
♪ dour. electronic music ♪
♪
Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
This is everything
we could grab.
Great.
What is this stuff?
They're medical packs.
You know. we hand them out
to civilians
who come this way trying
to escape the front lines.
- You have kids?
- Two.
I got these. uh.
great coloring books and pens.
- Here. take a few. eh?
- Thanks.
Yeah.
Amber light.
Felix is amber.
- Is our cover blown?
- Negative.
Stand by.
Hey.
What does this mean?
Ukraine.
Forever.
Free.
♪ somber music ♪
♪
Back home.
the law would have me...
buried to my neck and
stoned to death for adultery.
When I left. I told myself
it was for the best.
I thought I could let you go.
Make it all easier for you.
For me.
I have to go.
♪
Do you remember
what we said to each other
when we said goodbye?
Yes. I remember.
It was corny.
No. it wasn't.
Not at the time.
You and me. forever.
You and me.
Out of his league.
Not if he's paying for it.
4 a.m.
It's a classic hooker checkout.
Maybe they had a fight.
She does not look angry.
She doesn't look like a hooker.
Maybe she has a plane to catch.
With no luggage?
Hey. hey. hey. Wake up.
Here's your bugs. Breakfast.
I'm going home now.
Shower. then work.
via the Airlock.
♪ inquisitive music ♪
♪
Dr. Rachel Blake.
I'm here to see Foreign Service
Support Attaché Henry Ogletree.
Thanks.
Scenario one.
Coyote got drunk.
blew his cover.
They take him straight
from the police station
to a counterespionage unit.
Now the Belarusian
intelligence service has him.
He sobers up.
Says it's bullshit.
he was hammered.
What if while he was hammered.
he spilled his guts?
Evidence. contacts and--
Or worse. what if he did
but he doesn't remember?
Then they would've put him back
out in the field as a flytrap.
but they didn't.
they made him vanish.
Oh. great. So-so. uh. Coyote--
he got drunk
and he either did or didn't do
something he meant
or didn't mean to do that
he does or doesn't remember.
Yeah. I've had that hangover.
It's brutal.
How long was Coyote
at the Department
before being deployed?
Uh. 16 months.
So. 16 months of access
to classified operational data.
protocols. current covert ops.
I'm gonna puke.
Let's go over his legend.
Right. Yeah. so he lives alone.
uh. one-bedroom duplex
bought on a mortgage. no pets.
Works for a financial
consulting firm in Upper Minsk.
Uh. a lot of legit activity.
real clients.
A break and sweep
would totally stand up.
This guy has a real life
out there.
How many of his current sources
have we notified?
Uh. three. all on standby.
I contacted a fourth
who sounded spooked.
How spooked?
Look. it's
a precautionary measure.
- Is my cover blown?
- No. no. no.
not at all. you're safe.
It's Alexei Orekhov.
34 years old.
Manages a trucking
company linked
to Russian mercenary groups.
So why are we stopping?
- You don't want to tell me.
- It's protocol.
Protocol.
Yeah. it's protocol.
- It's protocol.
- Protocol.
Proto-- Protocol.
You know who I work with.
One false move.
they cut my eyes out
and leave me in a ditch.
- How the fuck--
- All right.
We need to exfiltrate him now.
That'll be expensive.
Game it out. I'll talk to Henry.
You really think
he's that unstable?
Nope. I think we can use him.
So. uh...
he broke three trackers.
spent the night in a hotel
and in the morning.
gave you the slip.
Anything else?
- He bought us Danish.
- They were amazing.
Was he alone?
Hard to say.
People come in and out.
It's a hotel.
I know what a hotel is.
Our brief was to make sure
no one tails or IDs him. Okay?
If you want more.
this becomes surveillance.
And then you get everything.
Who he fucks. how many times.
does she like it in the ass.
Henry.
Hey. guys. Got a minute?
Yeah.
See you around.
What's up?
I think I found a wooden duck.
Every night. put
all documents in the shredder
or in this safe.
Your desk must be clear
and your trash empty.
We clean our own offices.
Codes here.
Door. safe. telephone.
You're familiar
with "need to know"?
I worked at Langley
for 16 years.
Now you're in the field.
We run non-official cover agents
from this floor.
"Need to know" is sacred.
Like professional
confidentiality.
Like classified intelligence.
Doctors get sued.
not executed for treason.
No one's been executed
for treason since the Civil War.
A-An exfil is a hundred grand.
I already got the FD up my ass.
A source is out there. on tilt.
We need to bring him in.
Spend the money.
You slept at a hotel last night.
Sea Containers. South Bank.
Don't change the subject.
Alone?
What is this. fatherly concern?
I'm not that old.
Why'd you shake
your protection team?
I'm training them.
Someone has to.
You know. post-mission disorder
- is--
- Is that a Joy Division album?
Henry.
Coyote's cell phone
is still at the station.
No one saw him leave.
Maybe he fucked up.
Or maybe he
and anyone he recruited
is a Russian double agent.
Spend the money.
Dr. Blake is here.
Right.
Dr. Blake.
Welcome to sunny old London.
This is NOC Case Officer
Martian. Dr. Blake
is over from
our psych department at Langley.
here to evaluate mental health
across the Department.
Sure you are.
Psychological well-being
is an agency-wide priority.
I'm here to observe.
lend an ear.
After one or two days. people
forget I'm even in the room.
Considering what we do here.
that's genuinely terrifying.
Can I show you something?
I'm leaving the service.
What?
I thought they gave you
a mission.
They did.
Long deployment abroad.
but I can't go.
Why not?
My boyfriend.
Oh. fuck him.
This is your career.
If I go. it'll destroy us.
Yeah. well. he'll adapt. Danny.
Listen to me.
This is what you've worked for.
- It's who you are.
- I thought so. too.
♪ And what is wrong.
give me a sign... ♪
Guess not.
♪ What is love? ♪
She's here.
How were the farewells?
Uh. my colleagues
think I'm nuts.
Ex-colleagues.
I'm a tradwife
to my imaginary boyfriend.
Good job.
Been to Israel?
2018. I attended a sustainable
development conference
as part of my
engineering degree.
Iranian intelligence films
all arrivals at Tel Aviv. Ben?
Uh. yeah. we're up in that
server. I can make it disappear.
Protocol.
Proto-- Protocol.
You know who I work with.
One false move.
they cut my eyes out
and leave me in a ditch.
I demand to be exfiltrated.
If you won't do it.
I will do it my--
What's his panic level?
Critical. we find
a plausible reason
to yank him from the field.
Not critical.
I tell him go home.
take a bath. clear his head.
If you're wrong.
he risks arrest.
Execution.
Call it.
Dr. Blake?
Imagine you took
a routine checkup.
and when you call for
the results. the doctor says.
"I need more tests. Don't worry.
It's nothing. But whatever
you do. don't travel."
You live in West Africa.
There's an Ebola outbreak.
What would you do?
I'll get you the cash.
Take her with you.
Mr. Orekhov.
I've been trying to reach you.
Where have you been?
Who is this?
We spoke earlier
about arranging your travel.
Attention.
passengers flying to New York.
John F. Kennedy.
boarding will begin shortly...
Alexei. where are you?
I don't need you. Too slow.
Shit!
♪ pulsing music ♪
♪
- Blair!
- What?
Blair. he's already
at the airport.
Come on.
So. mental health.
What exactly is healthy
in this job?
Ever met anyone in the DO
who's tip-top in the pink?
If you have.
I hope you shitcanned them
for being a psychopath.
I'm a clinical psychologist.
I don't "shitcan" anyone.
I watch. evaluate.
So you're evaluating me
right now?
You check your rearview mirrors
every five seconds.
It's excessive.
Implies a lot.
You also register who's driving
any passing vehicle.
who else is in the vehicle.
make and color and where
the vehicle is registered.
Doesn't everyone?
Henry.
Orekhov's at Minsk National
about to board a flight
to Istanbul connecting to JFK.
Fuck.
Okay.
How long till his flight boards?
- 47 minutes.
- Which airline?
Ottoman Skylines. OT284--
And OT320. Istanbul to JFK.
If he flies to the U.S.. it's
as good as a signed confession.
so we need a new flight plan
for him out of Minsk.
Something that stacks up
if Belarusian KGB
or Russian FSB start digging.
Okay. tell me everything you
know about this guy. Details.
- All right. he--
- Uh. Alexei Orekhov.
Born 1989 in Kalodzishchy.
- suburb east of Minsk.
- One of-one of two boys.
Dad. farm worker.
died lung cancer in...
Uh. 1995.
moved to Minsk. age 18.
- Job in an auto plant.
- '95.
He was a truck driver
- placed by--
- He isn't a truck driver.
- He just runs the company.
- Was a truck driver.
Plays five-a-side soccer.
takes his mother to the
Sacred Heart Catholic Church
once a month and Christmas.
He's had five girlfriends.
longest relationship. a year.
His brother moved to Gdansk.
He's a union dock worker.
A year ago.
he was diagnosed with...
- Lymphatic cancer.
- l... lymphatic cancer. which
- is presently in remission.
- Stop.
That's it. Gdansk.
Call Orekhov. Tell him
he's on the next flight
to Gdansk. So are we.
What's going on? I thought
we were going to Vilnius.
Vilnius is OBE.
"Overtaken by events."
Don't fuck this up.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
- Alexei.
- Owen.
My friend. too late.
I am gone. I am on a flight
- in five minutes.
- Listen. Alexei.
We cancelled your ticket
and we deleted any record
of you buying a flight to JFK.
You will be stopped
at the gate.
- Motherfucker.
- So. you need to listen
- to me. Alexei.
- I swear to God. if I meet you.
- I'm going to fucking kill you.
- Listen. Alexei.
- Alexei. you need
- I'm going to fucking kill you!
- to listen to me--
- Listen. Alexei.
Walk to the Air Poland desk.
There is a ticket in your name
on the 13:20 to Gdansk.
- I don't trust you.
- You're visiting your brother
in the hospital there.
His cancer?
But right now...
Right now.
you're putting
your mother. your brother
and everyone you know in danger.
Starting with you.
Make the right move
here. Alexei.
- Jump wrong.
- No.
- I can't help you.
- Wait. Hey.
- No one can.
- Wait--
- What the fuck?! I had that.
- I know you had it.
- by the way.
- Why'd you hang up?
- I don't know.
I just did it.
I just did it for emphasis
- or something.
- Emphasis? What?
- Well. did he agree?
- What do you mean?
Did he agree
to get on the flight?
Because it didn't sound
like he agreed to anything.
- The conversation was over.
- The conversation is over
when he agrees to get
on the fucking plane!
Yeah. well. my gut
is he'll be on the plane.
Your gut?
This is intelligence. Not Reno.
Orekhov
boarded the plane to Gdansk.
Nice catch.
And the greeting party?
In position.
Go get it done.
Dmitri Orekhov?
Oh. Dmitri?
Excuse me. sir.
You speak English?
- Dmitri Orekhov?
- A little. Sure.
Dr. Tom Vincent.
I'm an American military doctor
attached to the Embassy
in Warsaw.
This is my colleague. Dr. Brown.
We're here about your brother.
- What about him? What's wrong?
- Russian counterespionage
thinks he's been
working for the CIA.
The U.S. consulate there
alerted us.
He may be charged with treason.
- What did he do?
- Nothing.
But he got scared
and skipped the country.
They think Alex is spy?
He can't even tie shoes.
We just want to help him
make it out of this safely.
What can I do?
Check yourself into a hospital.
- Why?
- Alexei told his boss at work
he was coming to Poland to visit
his brother. who has cancer.
So. you want me to pretend
it came back?
Did you actually have cancer?
One year ago.
I'm under remission.
How come we didn't know
about this. Dr. Brown?
Uh. I thought...
We didn't have access
to any medical records.
It's just for a few days
till we make sure
your brother's safe.
Just few days.
Please don't put me
on the spot like that.
I am here to observe.
I wanted you to feel it.
What it's like
being someone else.
That was for five seconds.
not six years.
If we're quick. we'll make
the last flight back to London.
What about Orekhov?
Aren't you gonna be there
when he lands?
Orekhov won't make it
out of the airport.
♪ intense music ♪
♪
Welcome to Poland.
Take this car.
Where are you going?
Stop the car.
Stop the car. let me out.
Hey! Stop the fucking car!
Let me out!
Fuck you! Fuck.
JSOC called.
The fuck is wrong
with you. Henry?
- Listen...
- Yeah.
Asking your brother-in-law
about a classified op
by code name--
a code name you weren't even
supposed to know--
you didn't think
that was gonna come back?
On the contrary.
I hoped it would.
Why?
I wanted to know
if he's exposed.
He's on a black op
in a war zone.
Nothing operational was shared.
I know nothing about Felix.
All I had was a name.
You want to know something?
I believe you.
Want to know why?
Because I. Henry.
am station chief.
and even I don't know
what Felix is.
Which means that Felix.
is the very. very heaviest
of heavy. heavy shit.
and nobody--
not you. not I. no one--
would ever mention.
Ever.
Hey.
All right.
How much is it gonna cost me?
Uh. 50 grand. tops.
Twenty K for the transfer.
three agents. company jet.
Two agents for the mission.
equipment. etcetera.
Twenty for the interrogation.
ten for post.
Yeah. What are the risks?
Apart from the fifty grand
and losing Orekhov forever?
But the upside?
If he is a double.
Coyote is. too.
Can you do it for forty?
- Can't do it for forty.
- Forty-five.
Forty-eight.
What is this.
a Turkish bazaar?
All right.
let me explain how
budgetary allocations are made
within the U.S. government
departments. Henry.
The station chief submits
a quarterly request
to the overseas accounts
committee in Langley.
spearheaded by
a Mrs. Martina-Louise Brooks.
Now. Mrs. Brooks
does not like me.
I'd go as far as to say
that Mrs. Brooks does not
believe in Europe as a concept.
Forty-seven.
Sold.
Begin.
Hi.
So. we are here
to take your lunch orders.
What is going to be?
Waffles or pizza?
Cheeseburgers or hot dogs?
Coca-Cola or McDonald's?
Tupac or Biggie?
Bill or Hillary?
Beyoncé or Taylor Swift?
How much can we hurt him?
- What's the ceiling?
- Low to medium.
He's in Russia.
They don't play nice.
- It's a wooden duck.
- ♪ Born ♪
- ♪ In the USA ♪
- I'm just saying.
♪ I'm a long gone daddy ♪
♪ In the USA now ♪
♪ Born in the USA ♪
♪ I'm a long gone daddy
in the... ♪
Is a doctor on standby?
Can be.
Let him cook.
- Put him in the dark.
- ♪ Born in the USA ♪
♪ I'm a cool ♪
♪ Daddy in the USA ♪
♪ Dancing in the dark ♪
Sorry.
Wooden duck?
Squeeze a wooden duck.
it doesn't quack.
If this guy works
for the Russians.
soon as he's had enough.
he'll quack.
"Guys. time-out.
Fuck America. I'm on your team."
Doesn't quack. we're good.
"Good." meaning?
He's alive next week
and so are lots of others.
And if he does quack?
Then we're fucked.
♪ intriguing music playing ♪
♪
Negative.
Vodka?
Wait.
Did I hear... What's he saying?
"I report to Moscow."
Fuck.
"I work for...
...the Americans
and the Russians."
"I report...
...to Drezin in the FSB."
Go get Bosko.
Drezin. do we know him?
No. I'm on it.
What section
does Drezin work for?
Counterespionage?
Military security?
Says he doesn't know. Well?
No Drezin.
Say he's bullshitting.
He's saying it's true.
Who recruited him?
Ivanov.
Verify Ivanov.
Ivanov is Smith.
- It's like Smith in the U.S.
- Verify.
Where's his dead drop?
A locker
at Minsk railway station.
What locker number?
He can't remember.
What's happening?
He's quacking.
What was the last intel
he delivered
to the Americans?
♪ ominous music ♪
♪
Transport manifests
and container inventories
from Moscow
into Belarus.
on to Eastern Ukraine.
Medical supplies
for clinics there.
Call JSOC.
I need time.
Pressure what he's saying.
cross-check.
Your brother-in-law's
on the ground out there.
We move when we're sure.
I need time.
I need to tell JSOC what we know
when we know it.
God knows they hate us
enough already.
♪ pulsing music ♪
♪
What's up?
Emergency abort signal.
What about our target?
It's not your target anymore.
Leave nothing behind.
We're not coming back.
What the hell happened?
Something killed the mission.
We'll find out more
when it's safe.
This Ivanov
he says he worked for--
exist or not?
Maybe it's a code name.
If he's genuine.
he wouldn't know his real name.
What do we do?
Ask if he knows Ivanov's rank.
Colonel.
Ask if he's heard of
Colonel Sergei Mezakov.
That a pitfall?
And he didn't jump in. Shit.
How and when were you paid?
Into what account?
Cash. Russian rubles.
He never banked it.
♪ suspenseful music ♪
♪
Fuck me.
They must have
crossed the river and taken
the power station last night.
What do you want me to do?
Well. our options here
are limited.
When I say go.
punch right through.
Fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck. fuck me.
JSOC report.
I got three operators
from Felix.
two-man Ukrainian
special forces sniper team.
I got one U.S. Delta operator.
They got the orders to abort
too late to get out clean.
They're engaging Russian forces.
SOG has 'em on satellite
and will report.
I'm sorry. Henry.
♪ tense music ♪
♪
Did we lose them?
Can't fucking see.
Stop!
Push it!
We got to move.
Take it. Remy?
All right. this is
what we're gonna do.
You boys take cover
behind those diggers.
maybe cause a diversion.
I'll go left flank.
I'll get up behind them.
Copy?
Copy that.
You good?
Yeah.
All right.
♪ intense music ♪
♪
We got him!
Wrap it up. brief him.
get him a meal and a bed.
What's so funny?
Uh. are you a fan
of Russian literature?
No. I'm more
of a Conan Doyle guy.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Well. this isn't any three-pipe
problem for Sherlock Holmes.
Those names aren't
in Orekhov's network.
How do you know?
Because they're
in War and Peace.
Your name
is Daniela Moreno Acosta.
You were born in Seville. raised
in Sanlúcar de Barrameda. Spain.
You visited cousins
in New York a lot.
which explains
your love of the Knicks
and your excellent English.
I'll be your postman.
Martian will oversee
your deployment.
Who's this?
Professor Reza Mortazevi.
Visiting professor of seismology
at the London
School of Sciences.
You're being sent to Tehran
to identify
Iranian nuclear engineers.
Professor Mortazevi
runs an exchange program
between the London
School of Sciences
and the University College
of Tehran.
He comes to London
every two years to lecture
at the Institute of Geophysics.
Your job is to be hired there.
Impress him.
Convince him you're
the candidate for his program.
Then you'll be traveling to Iran
with a certified
Iranian official.
100% copper-bottomed.
watertight cover.
How do I get a research job
at the Institute of Geophysics?
That's your problem.
But what if I don't make it in?
Then go home.
Figure out something else
to do with your life.
♪ contemplative music ♪
♪
Follow me.
Here.
There's a cost
for doing this work.
A price.
Are you sure you want to pay it?
Uh. how's it going?
It's going.
Okay. uh.
yeah. so. Sami Zahir.
uh. entered from Addis.
uh. February 25th
on a six-month
professional visa.
Uh. she made
two round trips back
and she enrolled with the. um.
the Royal College
of World Heritage.
I mean. she's clean.
She checks out. Looks legit.
- You're certain?
- Uh. yeah.
Yeah. she's. uh. she's staying
in a room in Raffles.
- Under her real name.
- Did you scrape her phone?
No. no. it's encrypted.
and I couldn't see in.
I-I mean. I can. if you want.
but. um. it'll take longer.
and I'd. uh. I-I'd need
a mission number
to log for the time.
Don't ever take a file
out of the office again
or you're fired.
I'm not talking
about the hardships it presents.
I'm talking about
what it costs a human being
to abandon their identity.
To spend however many days.
weeks. or years
they have left alive
in another skin.
Hi.
It's Daniela.
Acosta.
Thank you.
Uh. champagne. please.
Professor. I'd like
to introduce you to someone.
You have to ask yourself
is it worth it?
Do I really
want to pay the price?
Professor Wartenburg?
Excuse me. Professor Wartenburg?
- Hello.
- Hi.
I'm Daniela.
I just wanted
to introduce myself
and let you know
that I read your paper.
Your most recent paper.
What is the price?
I don't see any Ms. Zahir
signed in for
this evening's lecture.
Check the register. third floor.
Thank you.
The price is surviving
totally alone.
Forever.
[narrator on screen
Artifacts that had survived
for thousands of years
obliterated in a moment
at Palmyra...
and the Mosul Museum.
The destruction was motivated
less by religious dogma
and more to send a message
to the West.
I find these images
incredibly painful.
Rockets and pickaxes
destroying the statue...
♪
And that can
never be replaced.
Right. uh...
let's break and meet back
in 15 minutes
to discuss the film.
Uh. Professor?
I was just wondering.
could you help me...
Yeah. sure. Just give me second.
I'll be right back with that.
- Hi.
- Yeah?
I'm looking for someone
attending your conference.
Dr. Samia Zahir?
Ah. Dr. Zahir.
Yes. uh. she enrolled.
Tell her I said hi.
She's not been back
since the first day.
She did well to enroll so that
UNESCO could validate her visa.
Hope she's enjoying London.
♪ quiet. dramatic music ♪
♪
So. she wasn't there?
She never was.
I could have gone back.
sat down with Henry
and said.
"Guess what. I fucked up."
But when you live undercover.
there's all these voices.
Loud voices. quiet voices.
The quietest of all
is always there.
It says the same thing
over and over.
"I can do this."
"I can do anything."
You know what the voice is?
It's hope.
That's the thing
about this game.
If you're hoping--
if you hope anything--
ever. at any time...
...it's too late.
♪ mysterious music ♪
♪
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm